add droneci docs (#353)
trunk-io/docs: flaky-tests/ci-providers/droneci.md

---
description: Configure Flaky Tests using Drone CI
---

# Drone CI

## Getting Started

You can use the Flaky Tests CLI within your [Drone CI](https://www.drone.io/) pipelines to upload and analyze your test results.

{% hint style="info" %}

> The Trunk Flaky Tests CLI currently only supports x86_64 and arm64 for both Linux and macOS. If you have another use case, please get in touch with support at [https://slack.trunk.io](https://slack.trunk.io/). For the best results, you'll need to validate that your test invocation does not use cached test results and does not automatically retry failing tests.

Reviewer: This should be a hyperlink like
```suggestion
The Trunk Flaky Tests CLI currently only supports x86_64 and arm64 for both Linux and macOS. If you have another use case, please get in touch with support in our [community Slack](https://slack.trunk.io/). For the best results, you'll need to validate that your test invocation does not use cached test results and does not automatically retry failing tests.
```
```suggestion
The Trunk Flaky Tests CLI currently only supports x86_64 and arm64 for both Linux and macOS. If you have another use case, please get in touch with support at [https://slack.trunk.io](https://slack.trunk.io/). For the best results, you'll need to validate that your test invocation does not use cached test results and does not automatically retry failing tests.
```

{% endhint %}

### Create a Drone CI Pipeline

> Create a Drone CI pipeline (or modify an existing one) to run the tests that you want to monitor. The pipeline should produce a test report in [**JUnit XML**](https://github.com/testmoapp/junitxml) format. Most testing frameworks support XML output. See [Testing Framework Configuration](../frameworks/) for guides for common testing frameworks. Make sure that your test invocation doesn't use cached test results, and doesn't automatically retry failing tests.

Reviewer: Does the `../frameworks/` relative link work?

Reviewer: (doesn't in the GitBooks preview

Author: I fixed it.

      - curl -fsSL --retry 3 "https://github.com/trunk-io/analytics-cli/releases/latest/download/trunk-analytics-cli-x86_64-apple-darwin.tar.gz" | tar -xvz > ./trunk-analytics-cli
      - ./trunk-analytics-cli upload --junit-paths "test-output.xml" --org-url-slug $TRUNK_ORG_SLUG --token $TRUNK_API_TOKEN
```
{% endcode %}
{% endtab %}

{% tab title="macOS arm64" %}
{% code title="upload.yaml" overflow="wrap" lineNumbers="true" %}
```yaml
kind: pipeline
type: docker
name: test

steps:
  - name: test
    environment:
      TRUNK_ORG_SLUG:
        from_secret: TRUNK_ORG_SLUG
      TRUNK_API_TOKEN:
        from_secret: TRUNK_API_TOKEN
    image: node
    commands:
      - npm install
      - npm run test
      - curl -fsSL --retry 3 "https://github.com/trunk-io/analytics-cli/releases/latest/download/trunk-analytics-cli-aarch64-apple-darwin.tar.gz" | tar -xvz > ./trunk-analytics-cli
      - ./trunk-analytics-cli upload --junit-paths "test-output.xml" --org-url-slug $TRUNK_ORG_SLUG --token $TRUNK_API_TOKEN
```
{% endcode %}
{% endtab %}

{% endtabs %}

In the config about we have added two additional commands to download the latest release of the `trunk-analytics-cli` and

> then run it to upload the test output XML file. The TRUNK\_ORG\_SLUG and TRUNK\_API\_TOKEN variables are filled in at runtime by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
then run it to upload the test output XML file. The `TRUNK\_ORG\_SLUG` and `TRUNK\_API\_TOKEN` variables are filled in at runtime by
```
```suggestion
then run it to upload the test output XML file. The TRUNK\_ORG\_SLUG and TRUNK\_API\_TOKEN variables are filled in at runtime by
```
